[OSDOCS#16946]: Make changes as per the errors and warnings for CQA-2 (#114626)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/persistent-storage-flexvolume-driver-example.adoc

[id="flexvolume-driver-example_{context}"]

> = FlexVolume driver example
> 
> [role="_abstract"]
> The first command-line argument of the FlexVolume driver is always an operation name. Other parameters are specific to each operation. Most of the operations take a JavaScript Object Notation (JSON) string as a parameter. This parameter is a complete JSON string, and not the name of a file with the JSON data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[role="_abstract"]
When working with FlexVolume drivers, it is helpful to become familiar with structure of the driver.

The first command-line argument of the FlexVolume driver is always an operation name. Other parameters are specific to each operation. Most of the operations take a JavaScript Object Notation (JSON) string as a parameter. This parameter is a complete JSON string, and not the name of a file with the JSON data.
```
